README.md, before:

# Urban Computing TAC

The role of the UCF Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) is to facilitate communication and collaboration among the Technical Projects. The TAC will be responsible for:

* coordinating collaboration among Technical Projects, including development of an overall technical vision for the community;

* making recommendations to the Budget Committee of resource priorities for Technical Projects;

* electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the "TAC Representative");

* creating, maintaining and amending project lifecycle procedures and processes, subject to the approval of the Governing Board; and

* such other matters related to the technical role of the TAC as may be communicated to the TAC by the Governing Board.

## TAC Chair

The TAC chair is elected annually by the members of the TAC. The term of the TAC chair is aligned to the calendar year. Should the TAC chair step down before the end of their term, the TAC will vote in the next meeting to select a temporary chair to finish the current term.

## Communication

A growing list of communication methods and tools to support the Urban Computing Foundation.

### Calendar

A public google calendar is [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago).

### Meeting Minutes

The meeting minutes are [here](https://github.com/ucfoundation/tac/tree/master/meetings).

## Members

* Drew Dara-Abrams, principal, Interline Technologies
* Javier De la Torre, Founder and CSO, CARTO
* Oliver Fink, director HERE XYZ, HERE Technologies
* Travis Gorkin, engineering manager of data visualization, Uber
* Shan He, project leader of Kepler.gl, Uber
* Randy Meech, CEO, StreetCred Labs
* Michal Migurski, engineering manager of spatial computing, Facebook
* Drishtie Patel, product manager of maps, Facebook
* Prem Ramaswami, Head of Product, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, senior researcher, MIT
* Max Sills, attorney, Google

Commit message:

Update TAC charter to propose adding a TAC member per project

README.md, after:

# Urban Computing TAC

The role of the UCF Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) is to facilitate communication and collaboration among the Technical Projects. The TAC will be responsible for:

* coordinating collaboration among Technical Projects, including development of an overall technical vision for the community;

* making recommendations to the Budget Committee of resource priorities for Technical Projects;

* electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the "TAC Representative");

* creating, maintaining and amending project lifecycle procedures and processes, subject to the approval of the Governing Board; and

* such other matters related to the technical role of the TAC as may be communicated to the TAC by the Governing Board.

## TAC Chair

The TAC chair is elected annually by the members of the TAC. The term of the TAC chair is aligned to the calendar year. Should the TAC chair step down before the end of their term, the TAC will vote in the next meeting to select a temporary chair to finish the current term.

## TAC Members

The prospective TAC Voting Member is recommended by other members of the TAC or the Governing Board, and is subject to a vote. Each project may appoint a member to serve as TAC voting member.

## Communication

A growing list of communication methods and tools to support the Urban Computing Foundation.

### Calendar

A public google calendar is [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago).

### Meeting Minutes

The meeting minutes are [here](https://github.com/ucfoundation/tac/tree/master/meetings).

## Members

* Drew Dara-Abrams, principal, Interline Technologies
* Javier De la Torre, Founder and CSO, CARTO
* Oliver Fink, director HERE XYZ, HERE Technologies
* Travis Gorkin, engineering manager of data visualization, Uber
* Shan He, project leader of Kepler.gl, Uber
* Randy Meech, CEO, StreetCred Labs
* Michal Migurski, engineering manager of spatial computing, Facebook
* Drishtie Patel, product manager of maps, Facebook
* Prem Ramaswami, Head of Product, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, senior researcher, MIT
* Max Sills, attorney, Google
