# Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2020-02-26
##### 9:00 AM PST to 10:00 AM PST

##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago) is the public calendar for the Urban Computing Foundation TAC meetings.

##### How to Join
TAC meetings are open for all to join.

https://zoom.us/j/957260971

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the technical advisory committee for the Urban Computing Foundation + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.

### Agenda
- Simplifying project categories in PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md
- Review results of Mapzen Vote
- Project proposal for WhosOnFirst. An Open repository of boundaries. 
- Discuss new process for adding agenda items.
- Monthly cadence Doodle results

### Attendance

#### Voting Members
* Travis Gorkin, TAC Chairperson, Uber
* Drew Dara-Abrams, Interline Technologies
* Javier De la Torre, CARTO
* Oliver Fink, HERE Technologies
* Shan He, Kepler.gl, Uber
* Prem Ramaswami, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, MIT


#### Attendees
* Gale McCommons, Linux Foundation
* Brian Warner, Linux Foundation
* George Percivall, OFC
* Todd Hylton, UC San Diego

#### Not Present
* Randy Meech, StreetCred Labs
* Michal Migurski, Facebook
* Drishtie Patel, Facebook
* Max Sills, Google

### Action Items
1. Gale will submit PR to merge At Large and Growth stages in PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md
2. Travis and Javier will develop a template for proposals to join CommunityBridge

### Discussion Items

### Simplifying project categories in PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md

Travis provided an overview of current project stages in lifecycle, there are currently four. The proposal is to consolidate At Large and Growth stages in to an Incubation category. A vote was held and consensus reached to draft a proposed merge of the stages. Gale will draft this and submit a PR with the proposed changes. 

### Review results of Mapzen Vote
Travis introduced the topic of the Mapzen vote. In last month’s meeting, Randy reviewed the proposal for Mapzen to join UCF. A vote was held over the TAC voting member list, and nine members answered in the affirmative. The vote was closed, and Mapzen will be joining UCF.  

### Project proposal for WhosOnFirst. An Open repository of boundaries (Javier)

Javier introduced the topic of proposing WhosOnFirst as an UCF project. This project was originally created as part of Mapzen, and was separated when Mapzen initially closed before becoming part of LF. Travis brought up the topic of funding to ask where funding from UCF to WhosOnFirst would be directed. Javier noted that primary funding would be focused on improving distribution methods, and making available on public cloud environments to increase users. Brian advised that the Governing Board would be the decision makers on funding allocation, and the TAC is responsible for technical direction and strategy for the project. Brian provided an explanation of how the TAC can propose funding requests to the Governing Board. Discussion ensued regarding CommunityBridge as a resource, and path forward for WhosOnFirst. Javier communicated he will develop the project proposal for WhosOnFirst to become a UCF project. 

### Discuss new process for adding agenda items
Travis introduced the topic of the new process for adding agenda items to the TAC meetings. Moving forward, members can create a PR of issue with the label “tac-agenda” to have their agenda items included. 

### Monthly cadence Doodle results
Results were mixed, and Gale will send another poll to determine a new time to meet. 

The meeting concluded at 09:52 PT
