# Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2020-08-27
##### 10:00 AM PST to 11:00 AM PST


##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago) is the public calendar for the Urban Computing Foundation TAC meetings.

##### How to Join
TAC meetings are open for all to join.

https://zoom.us/j/916397367

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the technical advisory committee for the Urban Computing Foundation + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.

### Agenda
* Supporting Frameworks for UCF Projects
  - Promote projects
  - Expand community 
  - Attract contribution
* Flowmap.blue voting results

### Attendance

#### Voting Members
* Javier De la Torre, Founder and CSO, CARTO
* Shan He, Unfolded, project leader of Kepler.gl, TAC Chair
* Randy Meech, CEO, StreetCred Labs
* Prem Ramaswami, Head of Product, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, senior researcher, MIT
* Max Sills, attorney, Google

#### Additional Attendees
* Gale McCommons, Linux Foundation
* Xiaoji Chen, Vis.gl
* Ib Green, Unfolded
* Isaac Brodskey, Unfolded

### Action Items
*Gale will add a link to the public calendar to the website. 

### Discussion Items

#### Supporting Frameworks for UCF Projects
Shan introduced the topic of supporting frameworks for UCF projects, and three sub-topics.

##### Promote the project
Shan noted that the project page is currently a list of project names with logos, and is currently barebones. This is an opportunity to create a landscape. Shan additionally noted that the News page is currently a list of project contribution announcements, and this is an opportunity to generate more content. Shan noted that a monthly or bi-monthly newsletter is another potential route to promote the project. Randy noted that an increase in communications would be helpful for improving engagement and elevating the project. Randy also suggested a content calendar to help establish a cadence for creating and publishing content. Shan suggested that project leads could potentially create blog posts so that new content can be published every two months. 

##### Expand the community
Shan shared the current ongoing meetings are the vis.gl and kepler.gl technical steering meetings, and noted there is an opportunity to begin hosting meetups or hackathons. Xiaoji suggested that workshops are another potential route f

##### Attract contributors
Shan introduced the topic of attracting contributors, and shared levels of contribution to vis.gl and kepler.gl. Discussion ensued regarding types of contribution in existing projects. Ib shared that Google has recently started using deck.gl in an auditable environment. 

#### COVID-19 Project Sharing Kick-off
Shan noted that use of UCF projects in support of the fight against COVID19 will be shared in the next TAC meeting, and invited TAC members to share ways tools are being used in support of the pandemic. 

