# Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2020-07-30
##### 10:00 AM PST to 11:00 AM PST


##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago) is the public calendar for the Urban Computing Foundation TAC meetings.

##### How to Join
TAC meetings are open for all to join.

https://zoom.us/j/916397367

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the technical advisory committee for the Urban Computing Foundation + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.

### Agenda
* Welcome to new TAC Chairperson
* Flowmap.blue

### Attendance

#### Voting Members
* Javier De la Torre, Founder and CSO, CARTO
* Travis Gorkin
* Shan He, project leader of Kepler.gl, TAC Chair
* Randy Meech, CEO, StreetCred Labs

#### Additional Attendees
* Gale McCommons, Linux Foundation
* Ilya Boyandin, Flowmap.blue
* George Percivall, OGC
* Meghan Hade, HERE
* Hugh Matsubara, Optimind
* Isaac Brodskey, Unfolded
* Lauren Spiegel, SafeGraph
* Todd Hylton, UC San Diego

#### Not Present
* Michael Behrisch, DLR
* Xiaoji Chen, Vis.gl
* Ib Green, Unfolded
* Michal Migurski, engineering manager of spatial computing, Facebook
* Drishtie Patel, product manager of maps, Facebook
* Prem Ramaswami, Head of Product, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, senior researcher, MIT
* Max Sills, attorney, Google
* Drew Dara-Abrams, principal, Interline Technologies
* Oliver Fink, director HERE XYZ, HERE Technologies

### Action Items


### Discussion Items

#### Welcome New TAC Chair
Gale introduced Shan He as the new UCF TAC chairperson for the 2020 calendar year. 

#### Flowmap.blue Presentation

Gale introduced Ilya Boyandin, the project owner of Flowmap.blue. Ilya works for Teralytics as the project lead for flowmap.gl, and created flowmap.blue as an open source application to be used with flowmap. Ilya presented the project with the intent to offer up the flowmap.blue project as a contribution to UCF. Flowmap is a representation of geographic networks. Discussion ensued regarding the project. 

Presentation link: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1U8mybyOWGlgen8w4hsLm0Br_xOQb6W9N-fOvHK46IBg/edit?usp=sharing
