# Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2020-12-17
##### 10:00 AM PST to 11:00 AM PT


##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago) is the public calendar for the Urban Computing Foundation TAC meetings.

##### How to Join
TAC meetings are open for all to join.

Zoom Meeting ID: 916 397 367
Zoom Passcode: 496398

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the technical advisory committee for the Urban Computing Foundation + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.
* The slides for this meeting are available in this folder [UCF TAC Meeting Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1l3xVCJgrSO2aHwCEfQRfPYLVsgqvJkSY)

### Agenda
* Announcement: Shan’s continuous serving as TAC chair for 2021
* Presentation: Hubble.gl
* Discussion: mapboxgl change in license, other open basemap solutions
* Proposal: https://github.com/ucfoundation/tac/pull/39

### Attendance

#### Voting Members
* Drew Dara-Abrams, Interline Technologies
* Javier De la Torre, CARTO
* Shan He, Unfolded, project leader of Kepler.gl, TAC Chair
* Randy Meech, StreetCred Labs


#### Not Present
* Oliver Fink, HERE Technologies
* Michal Migurski, Facebook
* Drishtie Patel, Facebook
* Prem Ramaswami, Sidewalk Labs
* Paolo Santi, MIT
* Max Sills, Google
* Travis Gorkin, Google
* Ilya Boyandin, Teralytics, Project Leader Flowmap.blue
* George Percivall, OGC
* Michael Behrisch, DLR
* Hugh Matsubara, Optimind
* Xiaoji Chen, Microsoft, Project Leader Vis.gl
* Todd Hylton, UC San Diego
* Isaac Brodskey, Unfolded

#### Additional Attendees
* Gale McCommons, Linux Foundation
* Ib Green, Unfolded, Visl.gl
* Lauren Spiegel, SafeGraph
* Johannes Lauer, HERE
* Chris Gervang, Uber
* Luke Bergmann, University of British Columbia
* Dylan Babbs, Uber
* Sina Kashuk, Unfolded
* Aaron Woodrow, Uber
* Mohsin
* Raymond Wu


### Action Items

* Gale will follow up with Ib Green and Javier de la Torre regarding project lifecycle

### Discussion Items

* Announcement: Shan’s continuous serving as TAC chair for 2021
* Presentation: Hubble.gl
* Discussion: mapboxgl change in license, other open basemap solutions
* Proposal: https://github.com/ucfoundation/tac/pull/39


#### Announcement: Shan’s continuous serving as TAC chair for 2021

#### Presentation: Hubble.gl

Shan He introduced Chris Gervang to present the Hubble.gl proposal. Chris Gervang presented the agenda, and explained what topics would be discussed. He explained that he currently works for Uber Elevate, and has developed Hubble.gl to provide data visualizations in the aerospace field. The technology is currently used by data scientists and analysts. The library is also used by engineers and product designers to handle 3D animation and integrate visualizations. He explained that the QuickTime screen captures have been the way to integrate data visualizations of this type with lower quality video. Chris Gervang also explained that this is also achieved by using bespoke software. He proceeded to demonstrate how Hubble.gl integrations work. He then proceeded to share key advantages of using the library including programmatic keyframe solutions, guaranteed frame rate and resolution, client side video encoding, variety of formats, and react components. He demonstrated camera animation, and other examples of Hubble.gl in use that are available at hubble.gl/examples. Chris Gervang then provided information about the Hubble.gl tech stack and walked through key API functions. He proceeded to share the project roadmap. He completed the presentation, and opened up to questions. Shan He thanked Chris Gervang for the presentation, and asked what his plans are for integrating the project if it is accepted into UCF. He noted that if it is accepted, he would like help getting the word out that the project is part of UCF, and increase contributors to the project. He would also like to collaborate with other UCF projects to increase engagement with the community. Shan He thanked Chris Gervang again for presenting, and for his interest in contributing the project to Urban Computing Foundation. \
Proposal: https://github.com/ucfoundation/tac/pull/39

#### Discussion: mapbox.gl change in license, other open basemap solutions

Shan He introduced the topic of the Mapbox.gl license change. She explained that the license is no longer open source, and opened discussion of how Urban Computing Foundation can play a role. Javier de la Torre provided an overview of how Mapbox.gl is used within the geospatial community. He shared that Maplibre.gl is an alternative to Mapbox.gl. Ib Green noted that Mapbox has an existing interest in UCF. Randy Meech asked the group if there was interest in developing a core rendering engine. Discussion ensued regarding core rendering engine alternatives.
