# Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2020-10-29
##### 10:00 AM PST to 11:00 AM PST


##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u14oiv0c9rh7nv93jke7ehgr68%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FChicago) is the public calendar for the Urban Computing Foundation TAC meetings.

##### How to Join
TAC meetings are open for all to join.

Zoom Meeting ID: 916 397 367
Zoom Passcode: 496398

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the technical advisory committee for the Urban Computing Foundation + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.
* The slides for this meeting are available in this folder [UCF TAC Meeting Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1l3xVCJgrSO2aHwCEfQRfPYLVsgqvJkSY)

### Agenda
* New UCF Membership Tier
* Proposal to add TAC voting member
* flowmap.gl presentation from Ilya Boyandin
* vis.gl open governance meeting update

### Attendance

#### Voting Members
* Travis Gorkin, Google
* Shan He, Unfolded, project leader of Kepler.gl, TAC Chair

#### Additional Attendees
* Gale McCommons, Linux Foundation
* Ilya Boyandin, Teralytics, Project Leader Flowmap.blue
* Michael Behrisch, DLR
* Hugh Matsubara, Optimind
* Xiaoji Chen, Microsoft, Project Leader Vis.gl
* Ib Green, Unfolded, Visl.gl
* Johannes Lauer, HERE

### Action Items


### Discussion Items

##### Proposal to add TAC voting member (Shan He)

Shan He introduced the topic of a proposal to increase membership of the TAC voting members list. Shan proposed that each project within the Urban Computing Foundation be provided with one seat in the voting group. Travis Gorkin noted that this proposal may be an opportunity to evaluate the existing pool of voting members. Shan will send out 

#### New UCF Membership Tier (Shan He)

Shan He shared that the UCF Governing Board has voted on adding a new General membership tier that will allow companies of smaller sizes to join the foundation at a reduced cost based on organization size.

#### flowmap.gl presentation (Ilya Boyandin)

Ilya Boyandin shared a presentation to propose contributing flowmap.gl to Urban Computing Foundation. Flowmap.blue was previously contributed to the foundation, and voted in by the TAC. Flowmap.gl is an additional component being proposed for contribution by Teralytics. Shan He asked about the future plans for flowmap.gl, and Ilya shared that they are planning to add improvements for scalability and compatibility with Jupiter. Discussion ensued regarding potential possibilities for the future of flowmap.blue.

##### vis.gl open governance meeting update (Xiaoji Chen) 

Xiaoji Chen shared an update for Vis.gl from the most recent open governance meeting. This was the second open governance meeting, and had over 30 attendees from 10 different organizations. A new member from Carto has joined, and two members are retiring. Xiaoji also shared an update on the presentations shared in the governance meeting. Xiaoji shared community highlights, and noted that there is a growing number of contributions. Xiaoji also noted CARTO integrations of deck.gl. Discussion ensued regarding project open governance meetings. 
