# OpenJS Open Visualization Community Meeting 
> Formarly, Urban Computing Foundation TAC Meeting

### 2022-10-27
##### 10:00 AM PST to 11:00 AM PST


##### Community Calendar
[Here](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NTk1azNxbnE5NHR0YWdoMWVjNzg1MnNhdTNfMjAyMjEwMjdUMTcwMDAwWiBsaW51eGZvdW5kYXRpb24ub3JnX2Z1b3A0dWZ2NzY2ZjlhdmM1MTd1anM0aTBnQGc&ctz=America/New_York) is the public calendar for OpenJS Foundation meetings.

##### How to Join
Open Visualization meetings are open for all to join.

Zoom Meeting ID: 993 9461 0063
Zoom Passcode: 096728

##### Agenda and Attending this meeting

To attend this meeting or propose a topic, edit this page and add your name to the list of attendees below along with your organization and location. Add any agenda item you wish to discuss, please include relevant links.

* This meeting is for the members of the members of the Open Visualization Collaboration Space + wider community.
* To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
* Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.
* To respect meeting size, topics should be relevant to the agenda.
* The slides for this meeting are available in this folder [UCF TAC Meeting Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1l3xVCJgrSO2aHwCEfQRfPYLVsgqvJkSY)

### Agenda
* [Governance Update] OpenJS Onboarding Checkin - Chris Gervang
* [Summit Update] OpenJS Summit Debrief - Alberto
* [Discussion] Content for openvisualization.org

### Slides
* [OpenVis Meeting Oct 27 2022](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1C_-lZ-hzFT6Ab2t1Q6JjTgOh7nZWuC0xJaXJtO5Iuvk/edit?usp=sharing)

### Minutes

#### OpenVis Summit in Madrid

Attendence: 45 in-person. Everyone who signed up came. About 55 joined virtually too. Great turn out.

#### Hosting the next OpenVis Collaborator Summit

Opportunity to co-locate OpenJS Summits with Linux Summits. Can have space allocated for us. If we decide to do it combined. 
Upcoming summits:
  - 2nd week of May in Vancouver, BC. Space available for Open Visualization Collab Summit.
  - Europe will be in early fall, location and date not yet announced.

#### openvisualization.org content brainstorm

#### [Kylie] What's important to communicate?
- Focus on visualization, broadly. Not just urban. Not just geospatial.
  - We're not use-case exclusive.
- Set an idea for what we're passionate about.
- Focus areas
  - Data Science
  - Storytelling
  - Big Data in Web
  - High Performance Compute and Vis in the web.
  - Open Governance
  - Compute on GPU, in the browser
- Give presence to the projects. Visually explain all the projects.
- Incude use cases.
  - Quotes from large companies
  - Indoor mapping
  - Bioengineering
  - Aviation
  - Mobility
  - etc..
- Credibility establishment
- Contribution funnel
  - How do I get involved? What are good first issues?
  - Scenario level less than project level.
    - Best practices, cross-project collaboration.
    - What vision would you set for the next 3-5 projects who join?
      - How to join the foundation and collab space. 
- Our projects
  - kepler.gl 
  - vis.gl
    - Core: luma.gl, deck.gl, etc.
    - Extensions: hubble.gl, loaders.gl, flowmap.blue, etc.

#### [Kylie] Looking at [uc.foundation](uc.foundation), what do we keep? Delete?
- Delete "join", since we don't charge. 
- Expand "contribute" to include.
  - How to become a member of the Collab Space.
  - How to contribute your project to OpenJS and organize within the Collab Space.
    - They can either apply as a new project
    - Or, apply to join an existing project (kepler.gl or vis.gl)
  - How to share best practices for visualization.
    - They can present at the community meeting
    - Present at a collab summit
    - Write a post for our vis.gl blog.
- Change the Vision: Something that focuses on open development of high performance GPU visualization solutions for real uses cases in the world.

### Action Items
- [Luke/Robin to check] Disable privacy mode on OpenJS domains.
- [Luke/Robin send to Ib] Paperwork for transfering deck.gl domain.
- [Alberto] Summit video recordings should be up next week.
  - Initially, videos will be uploaded to Google Drive for us to publish.
  - [Luke/Robin] Getting access to the [UCF Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaIkUubXmTNFn8V8eM7jQUQ).
- [Luke/Robin] Email Summit attendees for home addresses to drop ship t-shirts for Summit.
